later
we have nowhere to retreat from defeat
probably you understand this
the situation
penalties were not like a team
injured five defeats in a row
in the first half, they outplayed outright and
championship leader in the twenty-fifth minute
another loss of railway workers
another half of the field ended up with
Beslan Adjinjala threw in a breakthrough
Semshova Russian national team player raging
thrush prokinuv ball between his legs
pashinina brought to the shock position
one Lebedenko one touch
sent the ball
but how did they beat their locomotive potential
if even without five main players
composition of all to his mom's Pimenov
Sennikova books Izmailova team
seminar without visible effort literally
crumpled rival it happened in
the beginning of the second half when with the appearance on
Buznikina railway field
included speed
buznikin and equalized at 58 minutes
responding to flank gear
Loskova
have a seminar really flair
besides it was hard to get into the game I was
ready to play gas from the first minute
Immediately beautiful combinations vuchichevich
on buznikina
Maxim turnout puts the ball on Pashinyan but hit
it turns out unsophisticated
and finally the ending of the Lyakhov segment
leapfrog of the sparrow's gate
end up with Lukic passing the ball
exactly on give it to buznik timohu
Maxim skillfully stops the body
covers the ball like leonchenko allowing
adam move forward and for sure
punch 2 1 ahead locomotive
after that the railway workers
began to protect the mined by all means
advantage and paid but in
match with her still added time
the area after a penalty kick
hit the knee and all the same flew into the net
failed the first half healing just not
know
we had no right not called but
known that rub
he was pulled out 2011 07 80
it gives another side to csc
l we all get harder getting harder into the fight
for the championship of course a shame for 10
minutes
in two hours